#summary InsideUO for SA client.

= UOReader =
_ovvero_
il mio tentativo di insideUO per Enhanced Client.

Features:
  * Runtime reading for .uop files.
  * Display per Legacy Textures
  * Display per Enhanced Textures
  * Display per Multis (in corso)
  * ([color=#FF0000]New![/color]) Display per String Dictionary
  * ([color=#FF0000]New![/color]) Display per AnimationFrame

UO Reader changelog:

Known Bugs:
	- Multi will not diplay properly in some cases
	- AnimationFrame will crash on some Frame display, i think format needs to be updated. 
		(I've added a mini workaround but couldn't test it)

v.62
	- Updated HashDictionary 
		: 286/228 tileart
		: 6 animationdefinition
		: 254 animationframe1
		: 2/6 animationframe2
		: 28/28 animationframe3
		: 11/6 animationframe6
		: 149/284 legacytexture
		: 19/19 multicollection

	- Added TAB for EffectDefinitionCollection (format is still unknown)

	- Added BGWorker to Multi loading (Drawing instead is still slow)

	- Fixes at AnimationFrame tree navigation

	- Added Splashscreen for loading UOP

	- Added automated UO Folder search

	- Added custom UO folder saving (To be tested)

	- Updated Tiledata format structure to latest version (4.0.29.X)
		(I really don't know when those changes were first introduced)
		NOTICE: Older tiledatas are no more supported because there's no version number update in the new one

	- Migrated to .NET 4.0 (VS2012 base)

	- TileFlags have been corrected -> there are 2 unknown left

	- Added TAB for LocalizedString (very slow)

	- Added TAB for TerrainDefinition

	- Fix at animationFrame treeview

	- Added watermark to AnimationFrame images (JP's Request)


v.52

	- Added TAB for viewing AnimationFrames. (Code from KRFrameViewer, made by Kons - Wim)

	- Added TAB for StringDictionary

	- Added BGWorkers to make the program more stable.

v.42

	- Updated tileart reading.

	- Updated multi drawing.

v.41

	- Added radarColor Square in Texture viewing.

	- Updated tileart reading.

	- Added "Use EnhancedClient texture" checkbox in Multis view.

v.4

	- Added support for tileart.uop.

v.3

	- Added Enhanced Client Textures TAB.

v.2

	- Added Legacy Textures TAB.

v.1

	- Basic Multi support / drawing.


Thanks to:

- Malganis for the Mythic Package DLL

- Devil for his .dds reader DLL


PLEASE NOTICE: Enhanced Textures are NOT FINISHED YET. So multis with EC textures will be WRONG viewed.


Screenshots:

[http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/849/21225426.jpg http://img849.imageshack.us/img849/2899/21225426.th.jpg]

[http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/825/52128821.jpg http://img825.imageshack.us/img825/1971/52128821.th.jpg]

[http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/189/16906439.jpg http://img189.imageshack.us/img189/5820/16906439.th.jpg]

[http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/15/98330252.jpg http://img15.imageshack.us/img15/8845/98330252.th.jpg]

[http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/854/20482749.jpg http://img854.imageshack.us/img854/4457/20482749.th.jpg]

[http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/854/53189107.jpg http://img854.imageshack.us/img854/6852/53189107.th.jpg]